Fix list styling issue (#3026)
withastro/starlight: .changeset/calm-cobras-breathe.md

---
'@astrojs/starlight': minor
---

Fixes a potential list styling issue if the last element of a list item is a `<script>` tag.

⚠️ BREAKING CHANGE:

> This change slightly reduces browser compatibility coverage by 0.8% by dropping support for Chromium-based browsers prior to version 105 and Firefox-based browsers prior to version 121. You can find a list of supported browsers and their versions using this [browserslist query](https://browsersl.ist/#q=%3E+0.5%25%2C+not+dead%2C+Chrome+%3E%3D+105%2C+Edge+%3E%3D+105%2C+Firefox+%3E%3D+121%2C+Safari+%3E%3D+15.4%2C+iOS+%3E%3D+15.4%2C+not+op_mini+all).

Reviewer: This wording is good, but I wonder if we should maybe downplay it _slightly_ at least given that for now even those older browsers will still mostly work (it’s only a small list styling detail that will regress).

```suggestion
This release drops official support for Chromium-based browsers prior to version 105 (released 30 August 2022) and Firefox-based browsers prior to version 121 (released 19 December 2023). You can find a list of currently supported browsers and their versions using this [browserslist query](https://browsersl.ist/#q=%3E+0.5%25%2C+not+dead%2C+Chrome+%3E%3D+105%2C+Edge+%3E%3D+105%2C+Firefox+%3E%3D+121%2C+Safari+%3E%3D+15.4%2C+iOS+%3E%3D+15.4%2C+not+op_mini+all).

With this release, Starlight-generated sites will still work fine on those older browsers except for this small detail in list item styling, but future releases may introduce further breaking changes for impacted browsers, including in patch releases.
```

Author: Love it (was not also liking a lot my initial version and that's why I mentioned being opened to suggestions 😆), really liking how it emphasizes the dates and how it's limited to this change at the moment :thumbsup:
